Add Fireducks announcement blog (#465)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2024/announcing-fireducks-as-silver-sponsor.md

You can read more about them on their social media channels [X](https://x.com/fireducksdev) and check out their [website](https://fireducks-dev.github.io/).

> We are immensely grateful to E2E Networks for their generous support.

Reviewer: Change `E2E` to `Fireducks`.

Author: ```suggestion
We are immensely grateful to Fireducks for their generous support.
```
